it begins
[Music]
Mohamed's are gathering
and the team's cameras are rolling
[Music]
it's like being an aquarium the only
difference with this aquarium
it's for real
[Music]
oh my God look at this
I can't I guess gonna go I can't make
finally just before the team had the
surface the lava this has one more
surprise for them
[Music]
a passing wheel shark the biggest fish
in the ocean
[Music]
good dog good dog oh I don't that was
away
our heads fireworks and fish everywhere
that's a good morning in the office by
observing these hammerheads school Alex
is closer than ever to explaining why
the group like this
[Music]
the hammerheads that were covered in
there was certainly what appears to be
is that the largest females tend to
dominate the center of the school and
the smallest ones around the outside and
then the males are kind of trying to
make with the females that have the
septum suspending dive it really was
Alex believes this behavior is part of a
complex courtship ritual
the largest more sexually mature females
place themselves at the center of the
school this means that only the
strongest males capable of making their
way through succeeded meeting with them
footage from the team's locked off
cameras supports this theory
shedding light on their understanding of
hammerhead behavior
[Music]
you